Add C# type test example (pattern matching) (#6732)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/c_sharp/c_sharp_features.rst

        // This block can never happen.
    }

> You can add a variable declaration to conditionally store the result of the cast
> if the ``is`` operator returns true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also declare a new variable to conditionally store the result of the cast
if the ``is`` operator returns ``true``.
```

        // This block can never happen.
    }

> **Type test with variable declaration**

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this needs to be a new section, seems like it could be part of the previous one.

Author: Hmm. Yeah, reworded and put the "advanced" note back where it was.
